{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 One mind blowing interview\
\
Interviewer : Tell me about yourself.\
Candidate: I ...am Rameshwar Kulkarni. I did my Tele Communication engineering from BabanRao Dhole-Patil Inst it ute of Technology.\
\
Interviewer : BabanRao Dhole-Patil Inst it ute of Technology? I had never heard of this college before!\
Candidate : Great! Even I had not heard of it before getting an admission into it ..\
What happened is \'96 due to cricket world cup I scored badly! in 12th.I was getting a paid seat in a good college. But my father said (I prefer to call him \'91baap\'92) \'96 \'93I can not invest so much of money\'94.(The baap actually said \'96 \'93I will never waste so much of money on you\'94). So I had to join this college. Frankly speaking this name \'96 BabanRao Dhole-Patil, can at the most be related to a Shetakari Mahavidyalaya\
\
Interviewer: ok, ok. It seems you have taken 6 years to complete your engineering.\
Candidate : Actually I tried my best to finish it in 4 years. But you know, these cricket matches and football world cup, and tennis tournaments. It is difficult to concentrate. So I flunked in 2nd and 3rd year. So in all I took 4 + 2 = 7 years.\
\
Interviewer: But 4+2 is 6.\
Candidate: Oh, is it ? You know I always had KT in maths. But I will try to keep this in mind. 4+2 is 6, good, thanks. These cricket matches really affect exams a lot.. I think they should ban it .\
\
Interviewer : Good to know that you want cricket matches to be banned.\
Candidate : No, no\'85 I am talking about Exams!!\
\
Interviewer: Ok, What is your biggest achievement in life?\
Candidate : Obviously, completing my Engineering. My mom never thought I would complete it . In fact, when I flunked in 3rd year, she was looking for a job for me in BEST (Bus\
corporation in Maharashtra ) through some relative.\
\
Interviewer : Do you have any plans of higher study?\
Candidate: he he he.. Are you kidding? Completing \'91lower\'92 education it self was so much of pain!!\
\
Interviewer : Let\'92s talk about technical stuff. On which platforms have you worked?\
Candidate : Well, I work at SEEPZ, so you can say Andheri is my current platforms. Earlier I was at Vashi center. So Vashi was my platform then. As you can see I have experience of different platforms! (Vashi and Andheri are the places in Mumbai)\
\
Interviewer : And which languages have you used?\
Candidate : Marathi, Hindi, English. By the way, I can keep quiet in German, French, Russian and many other languages.\
\
Interviewer: Why VC is better than VB?\
Candidate : It is a common sense \'96 C comes after B. So VC is a higher version than VB. I heard very soon they are coming up w it h a new language VD!\
\
Interviewer: Do you know anything about Assembly Language?\
Candidate: Well, I have not heard of it . But I guess, this is the language our ministers and MPs use in assembly.\
\
Interviewer : What is your general project experience?\
Candidate : My general experience about projects is \'96 most of the times they are in pipeline!\
\
Interviewer: Can you tell me about your current job?\
Candidate: Sure, Currently I am working for Bata Info Tech ltd. Since joining BIL, I am on Bench. Before joining BIL, I used to think that Bench was another software like Windows.\
\
Interviewer : Do you have any project management experience?\
Candidate: No, but I guess it shouldn\'92t be difficult. I know Word and Excel. I can talk a lot. I know how to dial for International phone call and use speaker facility. And very important \'96 I know few words like \'96 \'91Showstoppers \'91 , \'91hot fixes\'92, \'91SEI-CMM\'92, \'91quality\'92, \'91version control\'92, \'91deadlines\'92 , \'91Customer Satisfaction\'92 etc. Also I can blame others for my mistakes!\
\
Interviewer: What are your expectations from our company?\
Candidate : Not much.\
1. I should at least get 40,000 in hand..\
2. I would like to work on a live EJB project. But it should not have deadlines. I personally feel that pressure affects natural talent.\
3. I believe in flexi-timings.\
4. Dress Code is against basic freedom, so I would like to wear t-shirt and jeans.\
5. We must have sat-sun off. I will suggest Wednesday off also, so as to avoid breakdown due to overwork.\
6. I would like to go abroad 3 times a year on short term preferably 1-2 months) assignments. Personally I prefer US, Australia and Europe. But considering the fact that there are Olympics coming up in China in the current year, I don\'92t mind going there in that period. As you can see I am modest and don\'92t have many expectations. So can I assume my selection?\
\
Interviewer : he he he ha ha ha. Thanks for your interest in our\
organization. In fact I was never entertained so much before. Welcome to INFOSYS.\
\
The fellow was appointed in a newly created section \'91Stress Management\'92 in the HRD of Infosys.\
\
So Excellence is not the only thing Needed. Its the Unique Quality of a Person which can let anyone to Success. Work on Your own Field rather then following somebody else's Path\
Share this Story with your Friends and Inspire People 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 \u9829 \u9829 }